lib: nrf_modem: add modem trace flash backend (#10199)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added:

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF` Kconfig option to set the modem trace level to off by default.
    * The trace flash backend, enabling the application to store trace data to flash and retrieve the data at a later time.

  * Updated:

    * The minimal value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_SHMEM_RX_SIZE` to meet the requirements of modem firmware 1.3.4.

>     * The :ref:`modem_trace_module` to support backends that store the trace data and retrieve it at a later time.

Author: Thanks, this does not necessarily need to be a flash backend, so I'll drop that.

  * Added:

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_LEVEL_OFF` Kconfig option to set the modem trace level to off by default.
    * The trace flash backend that enables the application to store trace data to flash and retrieve the data later.

  * Updated:

    * The minimal value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_SHMEM_RX_SIZE` to meet the requirements of modem firmware 1.3.4.
    * The :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_diag_stats_get` function now returns an error if called when the :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library has not been initialized.
    * The trace backend interface to be exposed to the :ref:`modem_trace_module` using the :c:struct:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_backend` struct.

>     * The :ref:`modem_trace_module` to support backends that store the trace data and retrieve the data later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :ref:`modem_trace_module` to support backends that store the trace data for later retrieval.
```
